many people could remember when they first got some impression of what
it was like to be in the military but I literally was more than to
the military %HESITATION my father a game to commission in the US navy
during World War two %HESITATION while %HESITATION I was still with
my mother because she was pregnant with me and hadn't been delivered
yet %HESITATION so my father got extension to his reporting or orders
to stay around and next to a couple of weeks of for my arrival
and virtually I write four weeks later so he had gone off to his duty
in buffalo New York where as a US navy supply officer he was buying
PT boat engines %HESITATION from a company in the end up also %HESITATION
my mother and I'd like to %HESITATION brothers all joined him
later on %HESITATION that summer instant the Russian war with him
there in buffalo I have no memory of buffalo %HESITATION but as soon
as I was old enough to have knowledge of what was going on I was aware
that my father was still in the navy reserve and would periodically
go off for duty and on occasion he would fly with us and take us
to where he was doing his duty and we would kind of kill time around
the navy reserve center while he was doing his duty so I had some
exposure the military from the get go and I've always been an avid
reader of military history so I've pretty much been steeped in the military
from %HESITATION literally day one all the way through to today